##############
Versions 3.7
##############

**************
Version 3.7.1
**************
Release Date: January XX, 2022

Updated
=========

Database scripts are now managed by a library called DbUp. It is a way to keep track of migrations and changes to anything related to the database and sql scripts without requiring things like Entity Framework Migrations. With this change we have removed the install.aspx page and the setup sql as they are no longer needed. See the installation page for more information on how to use DbUp.

In an ongoing effort to increase the security of the application we will be removing the ability to write and execute sql statements and html directly inside of the application. Most of the time for a production application the ability to read and write to the database is managed at the database level and restrcited to a handful of people and the application itself. Being able to execute arbitrary sql statements from inside the application can work around these policies, and in the worst of cases actually delete entire tables from the database. So we have identified some areas that have these increased security concerns and have added a warning label to the page. These will be depreciated and then fully removed in a set of future releases.

Along the same path as the sql statements, being able to add html and javascript from within the application poses a similar security risk. Since this is an open source application, the end user can update their version of the source code. We have added warning messages to these pages and as with the sql pages, they will be depreciated and then fully removed in a set of future releases.

We have removed custom SQL scripts from showing on the page. This affected both the queries page and the search page. These will still function as before, but the actual SQL statements no longer show. This part of our security efforts.

Fixed
======

Fixed an issue with the Project Detail page that was added in the 3.7.0 release. The description wasn't being encoded properly and arbitrary html and javascript could be executed when viewing bugs related to a specific project. 




**************
Version 3.7.0
**************
Release Date: December 22, 2021

It's been almost 2 years since the last release. Although this isn't a major release in regards to functionality, this release is setting the foundation for larger changes in the future. 

New
====

* Project level viewing. 

  You can now view projects from a new Project Page. This not only provides context around the work in the Bug Tracker, but can also serve to limit the bugs to a specific project without needing to write a specific query or manage filters manually. 

* Added security scanning via Sonar Cloud. Now we know just how good our code is. See more info at `Sonarcloud - BugTracker <https://sonarcloud.io/project/overview?id=Displace99_Bug-Tracker>`_

Updated
==========

* Consistency on how pages open. They should all open in the same tab instead of in different tabs and pop-up windows.
* Documentation now resides on readthedocs.io (where you are probably reading this right now).
* Moved away from a website project and created a web application project.
* Created code behind files. This is the first step into a more mature architecture for the project.
* Updated to .NET Framework 4.7.2

Fixed
=========

* Fixed a URL redirect exploit that could cause the user to be taken to a 3rd party site immediately after log in. Now the app knows that's not allowed and will only send you to internal pages following a log in. 
* Fixed the follwoing issues found from Sonar Cloud. 
    * 9 bugs
    * 1 code smell
    * 1 vulnerability
    * 10 Security Hotspots